ACP2E-160: [Cloud] Shipping prices quoted in UPS doesn't match Magento Checkout page (#1609)
magento/merchdocs: src/shipping/fedex.md

   ![]({% link images/images/config-sales-shipping-methods-fedex-applicable-countries.png %}){: .zoom}
   _[FedEx Applicable Countries]({% link configuration/sales/delivery-methods.md %})_

{:.bs-callout-info}

> Please note that Magento always declare the full order price to FedEx when calculating shipping charges. This behavior cannot be changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magento always declares the full order price to FedEx when calculating shipping charges. This behavior cannot be changed.
```
